feat: Add UI for configuring SAML in Flagsmith (#4055)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/system-administration/authentication/01-SAML/index.md

:::

## Setup

To enable SAML authentication for your Flagsmith organisation, you have to go to your organisations settings, and in the
SAML tab, you'll be able to configure it.

In the UI, you will be able to configure the following fields.

> **Name:** (**Requierd**) A short name for the organisation, used as the input when clicking "Single Sign-on" at login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Name:** (**Required**) A short name for the organisation, used as the input when clicking "Single Sign-on" at login
```

Author: Done

(note this is unique across all tenants and will form part of the URL so should only be alphanumeric + '-,\_').

> **Frontend URL**: (**Requierd**) This should be the base URL of the Flagsmith dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Frontend URL**: (**Required**) This should be the base URL of the Flagsmith dashboard, e.g. https://app.flagsmith.com for SaaS. 
```

Author: Done

**Allow IdP initiated**: This field determines whether logins can be initiated from the IdP.

**IdP metadata xml**: The metadata from the IdP.

> Once Flagsmith has configured your identity provider, you can download the service provider metadata XML document whit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Flagsmith you have configured your identity provider, you can download the service provider metadata XML document with
```

Author: Done

> Once Flagsmith you have configured your identity provider, you can download the service provider metadata XML document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have configured your identity provider, you can download the service provider metadata XML document
```
